>> Sarah Drasner: How would we turn
a many element scene from day to night?
How would you, you, turn a many
element scene from day to night?
>> Speaker 2: I might just layer
opaque blue on top of my scene and
then maybe add a filter
to that to multiply it or
something and mess with that.
>> Sarah Drasner: Cool,
that's a really, really great answer.
So you could make a giant panel
that's overlaid on top and
maybe you change the opacity slowly,
maybe you change a filter slowly.
Totally great way of doing it.
And that is actually a way
that most people do do that.
But we can also play with this
idea of HSL relative color
which GreenSock has inside
of the TweenMax one as well.
And HSL in the design for developers
course yesterday, I talked about how
that's my favorite color value
because it's very human readable.
It's very human legible.
And what it allows us to do is take
the colors from where they're at and
say I want to increment it a little
bit from there or change it a little.
So you don't have to actually change every
individual color like you normally would.
Or even if you wanna do the overlay,
that's totally great.
But if you need to interact with anything,
then you run into that z-indexing issue of
like you can't access any of those things.
If you wanted to change all of those
elements just slightly based on where they
are, HSL relative color is
a great way to do it too.
So you're not wrong at all, but
this is another way of doing that.
So hue, saturation, and lightness.
Hue is a 360 degree thing.
It goes around and around.
This is part of why it's one
of my favorite color values,
because it never fails if you
wanna make generative color.
1% is the same thing as 361, and
you can keep going around unlike other
color values that would eventually fail.
Saturation goes 0% to 100%.
Lightness goes 0% to 100%.
So I made these turtles.
They kind of show you each one.
So I keep poking them
cuz I like poking them.
Is that weird?
I think they're cute.
Look at the little tail.
Is it weird to make stuff and
like it like the things you like?
Hi, turtles?
Okay, so eventually saturation, I'll stop,
or eventually the saturation gets to
a certain point of highness, and it can't
go any further, and same with lightness.
But that hue, I can keep going.
And I will cuz it's cute.
[LAUGH] And you can kinda play with it and
see how you would move each one of them.
So in this incrementing,
this is how it looks.
You might have used HSL before,
so it's the same kind of format.
HSL in parens, and then kind of
comma-separated values for HSL.
And we're changing the percentage.
So we have that incrementer that you
saw earlier changing the percentage for
each one.
Now here, I'm storing the value and
then I'm using it twice.
Why would I do that?
Does anybody know?
>> Speaker 3: Well in this case, it looks
like you need to make sure that the fill
and the background color, so the fill for
your target object and the background
color from the body move kinda together,
but with different properties.
>> Sarah Drasner: That's exactly right.
So if I need to change all of the elements
in a scene together, and maybe I'm not
sure how much I'm gonna adjust it by,
I wanna store that as a variable, so
I can change it in one place and
have it affect both.
Because for body,
I'm gonna change background color.
And for all of the elements, the SVG
elements, I'm gonna use fill, perfect.
So here's another CodePen thing.
And actually, that's one of those
examples of I didn't do that, and so
it looks bad when I first.
Well, now it's gonna be fine.
But did you see the flash
of all of the elements?
I didn't do that before.
You saw how to do that with
the visibility hidden.
So I can make this come on to
the scene a few different ways.
I can click this, that kind of
lever thing, or I can use this guy.
That's another draggable to
kinda bring it on to the scene.
And I can change the colors
of the scene and
maybe make them work off of each other.
So they're kind of, you can do
them in different variations and
kind of play with the color values.
And then I can, just for
fun, change the perspective of these
buildings and things like that.
So all sorts of little levers and gears
that we can play with to manipulate stuff.
>> Sarah Drasner: And I made this CodePen,
this is another one with Vue.
So this is actually local time, and
then I can choose other things
that are nearby or far away.
And you can see how it will go later.
And then the scene kind of adjusts and
changes to a night sky and
then we'll go back to Los Angeles.
So basically I take the scene and
I have this lever.
And rather than using Moment,
I'm using a native [COUGH] thing
called toLocaleTimeString.
So you can get rid of Moment
if you're using that.
It will actually respect daylight savings.
And that native thing is
now very well-supported.
So I'm using this dial, and
I've created a whole animation that
makes it go all the way around.
And it makes it go from day to night.
And then I find I'm using Watchers and
Vue to listen to the change events here
basically and then figure out what's
the difference between those two times.
And then I use the progress to kinda
go back and forth on that timeline.